Baseball Central User Guide

Guest Home Page
 - When the user is not logged in, the home page will show the winner of the latest world series as well as
	a list of the top ten highest salaries for the latest year.  The user can change the year by typing the
	year into the search bar. 

Login Page
 - User's with an account can log into the application through this page.  They must enter their email and
	password in order to be logged it.

Forgot Password Button
 - If the user does not remember their password, they can navigate to this page from the login page.  They enter
	their email into the text box and an email will be sent to that email with a token in order for them to 
	reset their password (This is disabled currently, since I have to hard code a gmail password/username into
	the application).

Register Page
 - If a user would like to register for an account, they must enter a username, email, favorite team, and a password.
	They must confirm their password to ensure that they are the same.  Once a user registers, they are redirected
	to the login page.

Main Homepage
 - When a logged in user navigates to the home page, they are presented with their favorite teams roster for the 
	current year.  They can change the year of the roster by typing their desired year into the text box above
	the roster.  To see some of the player's stats for the year, the user can click the "more" button which will
	display a sidebar with their stats for the year.

Account Page
 - If the user would like to modify their account, they can navigate to the account page on the navigation bar.
	In this page, the user can see their current username, email, favorite team, and favorite player.  The 
	user can change any of these through the input boxes.

Logout Button
 - To log out of their account, the user can click the logout button on the navigate bar and they will be logged out
	of their account and sent to the guest homepage.

Standings Page
 - The standings page displays the division standings of all of the teams for the given year.  The page also
	shows all of the postseason results, such as wildcard games, division championships, conference championships,
	and the world series.

Managers Page
 - The managers page shows the last 10 managers of the user's favorite team as well as their overall win percentage.
	The user can also see all of the awards, their favorite team's managers awards.

PostSeason Page
 - The postseason page shows the postseason information about the user's favorite team.  This page displays how many
	times the team won their division, their conference, and the world series.

Career Stats Page
 - The career stats page shows the list of state by stint for the user's favorite player if they have one.
	The table also shows the totals of their career on the last row.

Career Postseason Stats Page
 - The career postseason stats page shows the list of state by stint for the user's favorite player if they have one.
	The table also shows the postseason totals of their career on the last row.

Player Awards Page
 - The player awards shows the winner of specific awards for the given year.  The user can change the year through
	the text bar on the top of the page.

Hall of Fame Page
 - The hall of fame page shows all of the people that were inducted into the hall of fame on the given year.
	The user can change the year through the text bar.

Allstar Page
 - The allstar page shows all of the player on the user's favorite team that made the allstar game on the given
	year.  The user can change the year through the text bar.

